I'm so happy to fill okay guys welcome
back to my channel and long time no see
it's been two weeks yet again because I
was just on a mission trip to the
dominican republic and that was so
amazing i'm talking about that in
another video maybe not but I'm just
gonna say it was awesome and God did
amazing things there I also camp coming
up and I'm leaving like two days for
that so I'm gonna try to get a video up
for that week and then I'm going to be
it free to little rest this summer and I
can get into my video going shindig
anyways today's video as you can tell by
the title is how I whitened these
choppers so I'm just gonna first
straight up say that the company did
send me these products and they
contacted me and asked if I'd like to a
video on it and I was really hesitant at
first because i have done teeth
whitening things before they failed just
like flapped yeah they sucked then I did
some more research I watched some videos
on it looked at the testimonials online
and this website just seemed really
convincing and I was like okay I'm just
gonna give it a shot try it out if it
doesn't work I'm not gonna do a video on
it but it did work and yeah so I always
loved smiling and I truly believe that a
smile is the best makeup or accessory
that you can wear so having a nice white
smile is definitely important to me and
I kind of was lacking that I don't even
drink that much coffee but I really do
like pop so maybe that's why my teeth
are like quite yellow but I was kind of
self-conscious about it and I would get
comments quite frequently on my videos
like you have yellow teeth and I was
just like you didn't need to point it
out I already knew so i got this kit
sent to me i tried it out and after just
a few short days i was noticing dramatic
differences and even after just the
first try I was like wow this is really
working I don't know if you guys have
been able to notice but I definitely can
notice that my teeth have looked a lot
lighter here right now is a picture of
my teeth before & after I did the
treatment and then also my mom's I
wanted to give you guys to like
testimonies in this video of myself as
well as my mom and that's just so you
guys can see that it works for multiple
people smile brilliant also has
testimonies on their website which I was
saying I looked at before I decided to
go along with this video and those were
really helpful and showed your meta
differences in some people so i'll have
that in the description as well if you
guys want to check those out as well so
now i'm going to get a little bit into
the kit and so pretty much they ship you
a box it looks like this it's really
nice
it's called the trade creation kit
inside it has three base pace three
catalysts two trays and then the teeth
whitening gels and desensitizing jobs so
basically this whole kit allows you to
make a mold like you would make it a
regular dentist office which typically
costs around five hundred dollars and
before smile brilliant there was no such
teat like at home teeth whitening like
this so this is like the new
up-and-coming thing and it's very easy
and saves you so much money so it
probably looks really confusing but I'm
just going to show you guys like you
know voiceover in a second how to make
the molds and stuff like that it's
really easy but yeah this is the box and
it comes with instructions inside and
everything like that after you send out
your mold about a week later you're
going to get this little container that
has your little clearer trays in it and
they pretty much look like retainers or
Invisalign the reason why this can't
work so well is because of those trays
and that allows the whitening gel to sit
directly on your teeth and have like a
plastic in between like your spit mouth
and your teeth so the gel is just
directly on there and the plastic keeps
it all locked in and really allows the
peroxide to work and bleach your teeth
I'm just so happy with how this works
and I've I'd love smiling but now I just
like it even more ah so to get the exact
kit that i'm using this video check out
the link in the description below and
also stay tuned after I show you guys
how this whole kit works and stuff
because I'm going to be hosting a
giveaway and giving away one of these
kits to one lucky winner and then we
could have matching white pearly teeth
so let's get right into how to make the
molds and ship it out and get your
whitening trays start off making your
at-home impression the kit comes with
three catalyst paste and three bases and
that is enough for the top and bottom
mold and then extra if you make a
mistake so I'm just going to be taking
the base piece which is the white and
the catalyst which is the blue and then
you're just going to mix that together
for around 60 seconds don't take too
long because it begins to harden and you
don't want that so it's just going to
become a lighter blue color and then
you're just going to roll it into the
cylinder shape and put it in your tray
with an even amount on each side after
that's done you're going to pop it in
your mouth and make sure that you have
all your teeth pushed completely in
because the impression is very important
so you want to do that well and then
after you let it sit for 30
it's and rinse it off it should look
like this and then you can mail it in
this prepackaged envelope that the kit
comes with and so I put both my top and
bottom molds inside and shipped it off
so about a week later you get your
whitening trays and then you can just
take your a syringe of the whitening gel
it take off the little cap on top
and then you're going to take both your
top and bottom molds and put the gel in
an even amount like a little line string
thing through the whole thing
and so when you put this in make sure to
put it in an afford pressing motion so
it gets evenly on your teeth and doesn't
spill out at the top and then do the
same for the bottom as well and you're
going to let that sit for about 45
minutes to three hours and in the
meantime I just watched some movies TV
shows went on YouTube and then I also
just checked social media so that is
pretty much how you make the kit and get
the molds like I said it's so easy and
it's really fun to do and I used to want
to be a dental hygienist for about a
month when I was like 12 so my dreams
are kind of coming true and i did this
anyways to what you guys actually really
want to hear and maybe clicked on the
video for the giveaway so this is going
to last for 30 days and it is kind of
internationals for the US UK and canada
only sorry for everybody else the lives
in other countries i'm sorry but that's
what the guy told me it is for so I'm
sorry the prize is the kit with three
whitening gels and three desensitizing
gels and that is a value of one hundred
forty dollars so we are going to do to
enter is click the link down below and
I'll have all the directions in the
description as well there's going to be
so much in the description for this so
you're going to click on the link enter
your first name and your email address
and that's going to allow me to choose
the winner very easily in a month make
sure to check out this kit I highly
recommend it and I will see you guys in
the next video bye